OSOE-111: Detect visual errors (visual verification testing) in the UI Testing Toolbox (#166)
Lombiq/UI-Testing-Toolbox: Lombiq.Tests.UI/Docs/Tools.md

- Accessibility checking can be done with [axe](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core) via [Selenium.Axe for .NET](https://github.com/TroyWalshProf/SeleniumAxeDotnet).
- HTML markup validation can be done with [html-validate](https://gitlab.com/html-validate/html-validate) via [Atata.HtmlValidation](https://github.com/atata-framework/atata-htmlvalidation).
- Monkey testing is implemented using [Gremlins.js](https://github.com/marmelab/gremlins.js/) library.

> - Visual verification is implemented using [ImageSharpCompare](https://github.com/Codeuctivity/ImageSharp.Compare/blob/2.0.46/README.md).
> - [Ben.Demystifier](https://github.com/benaadams/Ben.Demystifier) used to simplify stack trace, mainly around async methods.

Reviewer: No need to link to the version since it's there in the csproj and we'd need to maintain this:

```suggestion
- Visual verification is implemented using [ImageSharpCompare](https://github.com/Codeuctivity/ImageSharp.Compare).
- [Ben.Demystifier](https://github.com/benaadams/Ben.Demystifier) is used to simplify stack traces, mainly around async methods.
```

- Monkey testing is implemented using [Gremlins.js](https://github.com/marmelab/gremlins.js/) library.
- Visual verification is implemented using [ImageSharpCompare](https://github.com/Codeuctivity/ImageSharp.Compare).
- [Ben.Demystifier](https://github.com/benaadams/Ben.Demystifier) is used to simplify stack traces, mainly around async methods.

> - Creating element screenshot using [Noksa.WebDriver.ScreenshotsExtensions](https://github.com/Noksa/WebDriver.Screenshots.Extensions).

Reviewer: This looks like an outdated an unmaintained library, and thus not something we should depend on:

> I don't currently have enough time to maintain any C# tool. Any feature requests can only be implemented if someone else does it.
> Currently it may have problems when it works with Selenium 4. If you encounter a problem please create an issue.

Author: Ok, then we should implement this feature, or we can fork and maintain it.

Reviewer: Why do we really need it though, exactly?

Author: `Selenium` creates a screenshot only from the visible area, but we need a full-page screenshot for full-page validation.
I started to implement it, but meantime I found this lib which is working well. This is why I implemented `WaitScrollToNotChange` and some other scroll related functions.

Reviewer: I see. Hmm, if there's no better way to do this then let's keep it.

Author: I can implement this feature in a few hours, then we can drop this package - I hate unmaintained packages too.

And I would make some tests around full-page validation too, to investigate the reasons for the big difference between platforms and ci. I’ve been thinking a lot over the last few days and there are a few more things I would look into.

Reviewer: I see, then please do that.

Author: Finally, I've found two workarounds to make the full-page comparisons better. Both of them are related to scrollbars, and change the look and maybe the behavior of the page.

1. Calculating the scrollbar size, and using its value, when setting the viewport size. This does not look like the best choice, because of the automatic text alignment. When the window size changes, the rendered number of lines could be less, and finally, the scrollbars could get disappeared independently, and the width of the client area gets bigger than expected.
2. Hiding the scrollbars with `overflow: hidden`. This could affect the rendered number of lines too, but we have more control over the width of the client area.

So, I implemented the second workaround, you can see it in `VerifyHomePage`.
The related [comment](https://lombiq.atlassian.net/browse/OSOE-111?focusedCommentId=65574) updated.(**Lombiq.Tests.UI.Samples.Tests.BasicVisualVerificationTests.VerifyHomePage(browser_-Chrome)**)

I was thinking about that, how can we use `AssertVisualVerificationApproved` or `AssertVisualVerification` to validate rendered content on every page change like `AssertHtmlValidityAsync`, and I found the following problems:
1. The `AfterPageChange` event handler will be the first method in the call stack that is not marked with `VisualVerificationApprovedMethodAttribute`. We can filter out the event handler method and maybe the methods between the event handler and `GoToAsync`, but where is the limit? - a new attribute can help us to mark the test method explicitly.
2. We can use the absolute Uri as a suffix for the reference images, but what if the test navigates to the same Uri more than once? - a counter or hash maybe help, I'm not sure.

Reviewer: The approach in `VerifyHomePage` looks good!

Let's not complicate this any further. Previously you've said that we'd need a high error tolerance for full-page tests; I assume that's still the case, even if slightly lower, with the scrollbar hidden? If indeed, then we don't need automatic full-page tests yet.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I'm following: Did you solve the large error tolerance with removing the scrollbar?

Author: I didn't solve it. I found a workaround by hiding scrollbars.

Reviewer: That seems like quite a good solution to me :). Let's address this separately later though, when we have more experience: https://github.com/Lombiq/UI-Testing-Toolbox/issues/179
